# Information of Bees Dissertation
## About the Project
The purpose of this project is to analyse the data from Kaggle and build a predictive algorithm which would predict relevant parameter that beekeepers need such as weight increase based on temperature, humidity and flow.
The project aims to find a cost effective and sustainable choices for beekeepers to better manage their apiaries with minimal colony loss by embedding IoT sensors and machine learning into the hives to predict few factors that beekeepers spend most of their time analysing. 

Therefore, the main aim is to outline and plan what beekeepers need, what information/data is important to them, is there any tools that can aid them while remaining cost effective and efficient. These are some of the many areas researched and findings documented, in addition to, understanding data that has been collected from two hives in Germany from 2017 until 2019, this further enhanced the scope of research problem and aided in having an initial deep understanding of the factors that affect bees.



### Project Abstract
This research explored the advantages of beekeepers’ usage of the Internet of Things or more accurately Internet of Bees. Previous studies have focused on data collection and user needs, the approach to focus on user understanding and data simplification through the utilisation of sensors in the beekeeping field. This research illustrated how beekeepers as users might benefit from the adoption of Internet of Things sensors and the value, they may obtain from them. This research project aimed to analyse the data from Kaggle and create a predictive algorithm that predicts relevant parameters that beekeepers require such as weight increase based on temperature, humidity, and flow. The project also aimed to create an effective and sustainable solution for beekeepers to better manage their apiaries with minimum colony loss by embedding IoT sensors and machine learning into hives to forecast factors that beekeepers spend the majority of their time analysing. The primary aim was to identify and plan what beekeepers require, identify what information is important to them and whether or not any solutions may assist them while being cost-effective and efficient. These are some of the many areas researched and findings documented regarding IoT and beehives, in addition to, comprehending data obtained from two hives in Germany from 2017 to 2019, which broadened the scope of the research problem and aided in gaining an initial comprehensive understanding of the factors that affect bees.  
